# How-To-Build-a-LAPP-Stack-Group-1

Repository for tutorials on the following:
1. Link to Website describing project
2. How to build a LAPP stack tutorial
3. How to build a 'Hello World' web app on a LAPP stack tutorial


APPLICATION STACK ASSIGNMENT

Group Project: In this assignment students will work in groups on a project to utilize our application stack building and documentation skills.   Each group will select an application stack to build and create tutorials to build both the stack and a sample application that utilizes the stack as built by group.

The two tutorials need to separate, one for the stack, one for the application, but link to each other as they are a set.  The tutorials should likely start as google (or other) web documents, but ultimately could be web pages.

These tutorials must present any relevant code in a GitHub repo and a GitHub page must be built to promote the tutorials.

Stack Chosen Must Be Approved in Advance: The stack chosen by your group must be approved by me in advance, and cannot be a LAMP stack, as we're building one together in class.  Here are some links that discuss various candidate stacks:

https://da-14.com/blog/how-to-choose-technology-stack-application-development/ (Links to an external site.)

Submission: will be a link to a shared staging area named "Project Document" (google doc) with links to your work, which consists of the following:  

1) An application stack building tutorial document

2) A Hello world application tutorial to demonstrate your stack

3) A repo to store all code demonstrated

4) A Github page designed to show your work, present your repo and provide links to your tutorials

Professionalism: The public documents and pages need to done in a professional manner.  Documents must identify authors, provide contact information, cite sources, be written clearly and be done so you can highlight this in your portfolio.

Class Demonstration: You'll also need to demonstrate how your app works in class for credit.

 

Project Requirements

Project Document: Besides your finished project as stored in your team's Github repo, you must also work together as a team on a shared project document that will provide a point of contact for your team members as well as information and resources.

Work Log: Your Project Document must include notes from each team member at the bottom of the document identifying what was done, how long it took each and every time work is done on the project.  Here's an example notation:

2/12/2016: (Bill) Researched genesis of UNIX at Bell Labs.  Linked potential resources on project document.  (.5 hours)

Each member should place the most recent work at the top, so that each work log entry descends in chronological order. 

Work on Branches and use Pull Requests: All work should be done on branches and should be followed by a pull request.  Consider having one or more persons in your group be in charge of approving pull requests and merging.

Use Slack: Since we're attempting to work successfully in an asynchronous manner, we'll require you to setup a slack channel and keep in touch.  Place a link to your slack channel on your Project Document(Optional), abut be sure to invite me to the slack channel as well: kyrrahnork@gmail.com

Use GitHub Issues: Be sure to note all required goals as Github Issues.  Do this early and often, and attempt to close the issues via your commits automatically.

Roles & Responsibilities

Since this is a large project, consider splitting up the responsibilities so everyone is productive.

Roles: Be sure the work to be done is split up as evenly as possible, with each member taking on multiple roles (Links to an external site.) as required.  These roles could fulfill duties such as:

Research: Research specific aspects of the project goal and place info and links on the project document
Outline: Outline relevant tasks and topics
Write: Write and re-write key sections project as commits.  Everyone must perform at least one commit, so be sure all are involved in this! 
Develop: The output of the content will be web pages.  Have someone in charge of Hosting, FTP and any HTML or JavaScript issues if applicable
Design: The content must have a look and feel, even if basic.  Have someone in charge of the CSS and look and feel
Edit: Edit for cogency, clarity and flow
Review: Look over the work of others to be sure it meets the expectations of all
Project Management: Making sure all items are completed on time, and no important pieces are missing
Visuals: Are diagrams, pictures or charts important to your project?  If so, this could be a role on your team
Repo Management: In charge of approving pull requests, making sure issues are tracked and addressed
Submission: Your submission for this assignment is the link to your Project Document, which should have links to all relevant information and a link to your repo!  Each team member will submit the link separately, even though the link will be the same for each student on your team.

Special Midnight Submission Time on Due Date: While normally submissions are at the beginning of a class, the due date of this assignment is midnight in order to allow teams to work together in lab time during class on the due date.
